this is a major event I walked in there
like a gangster and blow his
little ass away back in porno we
call this the money shot kind of party
you watch we'll shake Kim's hands with a
fatal dose of poison what's this
gum oh oh you tried it your gum
tasted like you don't like it just
spit it out
yes they are enough we're doing the
right thing what I spent a lot of time
with Kim and I think he's not a bad guy
he cannot decide to kill a man well
you're a horndog please you have
chump right there take your hands away
hmm
I saw the Boomer fight feast your eyes
the interview go skyline first out of
President Kim's ass you got a kiss I'm
not gonna kiss him well let's just say I
might give me something special with my
hand you're gonna take him off
what no that's a double entendre shut up
shut up shut up get in the why
would you say that why would you say
that rated-r get the interview now on
digital HD
[Music]